---
Title: Daniel
Date: 2015-12-31
Image: jake4.png
Client: 
Client_Link: 
Service: 

Several years ago, I was dating someone in the Tor community and we
desired to keep this quiet to avoid stigma. Jake suspected us, and set
about asking our friends and my partner if we were dating. We denied it
to him, again to avoid stigma and because we wanted to keep our personal
lives private. Despite that, I was later directly asked if we "were
fucking", in front of several others.

This boundary violation combined with public shaming is part of a larger
pattern of behavior. On numerous occasions, Jake also joked in front of
others about other aspects of my personal life that I wished to keep
private. Despite repeated requests from me to stop, the jokes continued.
At one point, Jake made a joke in a public venue during a speech. Video
of this event is published on the Internet.

In one instance, Jake deliberately created a situation where my partner
was made to feel safe - devices were removed from a room, lights were
turned off, warm blankets were provided. My partner was made to feel
that it was safe to confide in him that we were in fact dating, and was
led to divulge details about our relationship and sex life to him.

With this information, we were repeatedly made to feel uncomfortable
with either insinuations in front of others or direct approaches for
sex. On more than one occasion, we had to decline requests for a
threesome, within earshot of others, despite Jake being well aware that
we were neither interested, nor wanted the others within earshot to
become aware that the two of us were dating.

Because of this behavior, Jake and I had a falling out for a long period
of time. Finally, years later, Jake made a tearful apology, promising to
do better by me and everyone else. To my great dismay, I saw what
appeared to be the same behavior targeted at another member of the Tor
community just two months later. That story was then quickly altered and
confused, and he claimed that the incidents were highly dependent on
context.  Nonetheless it struck me as the same exact kind of public
shaming that I had experienced repeatedly. I felt and still feel that
regardless of the context, this type of shaming is extremely alienating
for folks to witness, and makes them unwilling and uncomfortable to
participate in meetings with him.

I had really hoped that after the last incident that he would be on good
behavior, but once again I am left to conclude that this behavior has
only relocated elsewhere. It's as if he learns not to be abusive with
people who happen to have enough power/stature/influence to make him
stop, but then simply moves on to the next target.

---
