---
Title: Forest
Date: 2015-12-31
Image: jake9.png
Client: 
Client_Link: 
Service: 

Jake and I had been friends and coworkers for years.  Looking back on it, I'm
not sure why.  From the very first Tor developer meeting I had attended, he
repetitively propositioned my partner and I for sex.  He even went so far as
to, on the very first meeting on the first morning, in front of all the other
developers — whom I had not yet met — tell me that he was okay with my partner
and I fucking in the same bed as him while he watched, causing both of my
partner and I to feel completely humiliated that our private sex life was
being discussed in front of colleagues we had hoped to build a good start
towards friendly, professional relationships.

While travelling, the first time he came to the city I lived in, I invited him
to stay at my house.  As politely as I could, I explained, "You can have the
floor, and I'll take my bed, or the other way around.  If you're comfortable
with it, we can share my bed, as friends.  Meaning no physical contact."  We
both slept in my bed.

That turned out (mostly) fine. (Except, of course, being propositioned again,
this time for a threesome with Jake and one of my roommates.)  In fact, Jake
and I proceeded to share beds in a friendly manner over the years, and nothing
bad ever happened.

Once Jake had moved to Germany, I came to visit friends there for a while, and
one night I stayed at Jake's place.  Again, we shared a bed, as friends.
There weren't even any discussion or attempts beforehand to convince me to do
anything sexual with him.  It was freezing cold, and I went to bed with
several layers of street clothes on.

Sometime around 5 o'clock in the morning, I woke up very confused and startled
because my pants were unzipped and Jake's arm was wrapped around me, his hands
in my underwear and he was rubbing my clit and rimming the edges of my vagina.
I tried to shove him off me and wake him up.  He's physically much bigger than
me, so the shoving didn't work as well as it should have, but nonetheless he
rolled over, a bit exageratedly, mumbling as if asleep.

In the morning, I confronted him about it.  I was really confused.  I didn't
know if he was actually asleep, but if he was, how did my clothes come undone?
Assuming that if I was super confrontational about it, he'd have some excuse
like "Oh, but I thought it was okay that time because you didn't explicitly
give me the we're-just-friends lecture before bed…" When confronting Jake
about this, I said, "Dude, what the fuck.  You started fingering me last
night."  It took a few seconds for there to be a reaction on his face, and
then he seemed confused, saying "Oh… what?  I don't remember that."  I glared
at him.

The really disconcerting thing for me was that, half an hour later, he said,
"I thought you were her."  Here, "her" was Jake's fiancée.  At the time, she
didn't live in Germany, and they hadn't seen each other in weeks.  Jake's fiancée was
also gorgeous and super curvy, and I am basically a scrawny, little twig.
"I'm not sure how you could confuse us, even asleep." I said.  He continued
muttering some excuses about having wet dreams about her.  He seemed to
suddenly and extremely vividly remember whatever dream.  Nowhere did he
say, "I didn't put my hands in your panties," nor did he apologise.

---