---
Title: Nick
Date: 2015-12-31
Image: jake10.png
Client: 
Client_Link: 
Service: 

Editorial note from the Jacob Appelbaum's Victims Collective:

<i>For reasons appertaining to victims' fears of retaliation, further abuse,
and humiliation, the JAVC has decided that anonymity is the default and that
editorial changes to submissions may be made in cases where certain details of
a report submitted to us are identifying.  In cases where we cannot anonymize
a report, we will attempt to contact the submitter for revision.</i>

<i>In the case of Nick Farr's report, a very similar (i.e. no major
substantial changes, only minor edits) has been cross-posted</i>
<a href="https://medium.com/@nickf4rr/hi-im-nick-farr-nickf4rr-35c32f13da4d">on
Medium</a><i>.  In light of this, it is not possible for us to anonymize the
report, so here it is, in full, as it was sent to us:</i>


<hr class="star-primary"></hr>


Hi.  I'm Nick Farr.  (@nickf4rr)

I used to be a pretty effective organizer and worker with various things at
Hacker Events in Europe, but after a deliberate campaign of abuse orchestrated
by Jake at the 30c3, I don't feel safe or welcome in that scene anymore.  In
fact, I physically shut down every time I try to head out to one.

I'm both relieved to talk about it and ashamed that it took me this long.

Jake has targeted, abused and silenced many close friends of mine. Whether
it's ripping off research, rape or just harassing someone into submission,
somehow we all felt powerless to do anything about it.  He's the perfect
bully.  Every criticism of him is met with suspicion, every accusation is some
government-conspiracy-takedown.  Huge kudos to whomever set up this site, and
my apologies for not trying something like this sooner.  There isn't a single
victim who could count on community support...until now.

Those that tried to stand up to him were destroyed, one even took his own
life. But that's not my story to tell.  In the scope of people Jake has
targeted, my story is fairly benign.

My first CCC congress was the 23c3 in Berlin. Having been invited on account
of my work in the US, being there renewed my faith in the scene.  Only a few
months later, I'd be dragging 40 Americans from DEFCON to CCC Camp in 2007.
Jake was on that trip (at a huge discount, paid for by someone else) and
pretty much every person on that trip can tell you what an epic asshole he
was.

At that time, Jake couldn't overshadow the awesomeness of the Camp and the
burgeoning Hackerspace scene I wanted to get started in the US. Over the years
of doing that, I enjoyed coming back to Europe to help organize whatever
needed organizing.  It was a way of recharging, taking in the amazing energy
at those events in Germany and the Netherlands.  One of the many things I used
to help out with were Lightning Talks. From the 27c3 onward, I coordinated and
emceed these sessions where anyone could speak pretty much about whatever they
wanted in 5 minutes or less. The format that I developed over the years is
basically what they use today.  If you could follow basic directions, I did
whatever I could to get you on stage.

Part of this open policy meant dealing with folks who may not be entirely
stable.  Often, these folks would end up not following basic directions and
they'd fall off the schedule for that reason.  Generally, they accepted that
and trusted I was not trying to silence them, I was just being fair.

One person following this pattern submitted an LT proposal alleging that Jake
was a US Intelligence Operative.  I LOLed.  After a few rounds of e-mail
pestering, encrypted e-mails and a few texts, they insisted on being put on
the schedule.  I did so to appease, as was my strategy at the time, with every
intention of pulling them off after they inevitably failed to follow
directions.  You can go look at the Wiki histories for any LT I organized to
show this was what I often did with dubious presentations. Organizing the LTs,
answering e-mails, checking slides and replying/confirming with each presenter
took nearly 3 hours for every hour of LTs and a lot of that work happened
while I was still in NYC, weeks before the event.  I often went to bed well
after 2 AM the nights leading up to my flight out to Europe and I wanted to be
done with this fool and get some sleep.

The next day I wake up to an e-mail from Jake, followed by e-mails from very
important people in the CCC chastising me for what I had done to Jake's
reputation.  Jake demanded all the e-mails and records I had received from
this person, a demand which I refused since they had been sent to me encrypted
in confidence.  Jake also had the CCC edit the 30c3 wiki database to eliminate
any trace of the offending talk.

Because the last thing anyone needs is to be targeted by Jake, I purged
everything this person and sent and refused to hand over anything on privacy
grounds.  I more or less considered the matter over.

But really, I thought, why would Jake be so defensive about some random LT
that might have otherwise gone completely unnoticed?  If I were a government
operative hell-bent on destroying the global hacker community, what would I do
differently from what Jake is already doing?

Once I arrived at the 30c3, not more than 10 minutes went by before Jake
himself comes and accosts me, warning "there will be severe consequences"
unless I hand over everything this person sent. I told him that I no longer
had the records he sought, but that simply wasn't good enough.  Without
warning, several times a day, Jake or one of his proxies would find me and say
the same thing.  Each time, no matter who I was with or how long they had
known me, I was made out to be the one "causing drama", bringing down whatever
group I happened to be around.

Every night, I came back to my hotel room, a typewritten note on my pillow
stating, "Don't make us use extreme measures.  Hand it all over."

I tried to reach out to people I thought I could trust.  I tried to tell them
what was going on.  I tried showing them.  I told Jake very calmly when he
approached that he needed to stop harassing me.  Everyone told me to just give
him what he wanted, to "dialogue" with him to "find a solution" and to "stop
creating drama".

You can't dialogue with a sociopath.  What's worse is when people you consider
your trusted friends take the sociopath's side.

At that point, I was rather well known, I had a pretty good deal of social
capital, thousands of Twitter followers from Europe, and the confidence that
people knew me and trusted me.  But none of that mattered, Jake was a rockstar
I couldn't compete with, whose followers went to great lengths to make me feel
unsafe and unwelcome in the very place I felt most at home in the entire
world.

Can you imagine how his rape victims feel?  Victims with no social standing or
even worse, who looked up to him as a hero?

By the last night of the 30c3, after one last ditch effort to get Jake and his
cronies off my back was rebuffed, it got to be too much.  I physically could
not take it anymore, handed in my badges and phone and left with no intention
of returning.  It was only with a lot of support from 3 friends, one of whom
was another victim of his abuse that I was able to fulfill my commitment to
show up for the last day of the LTs.

After breaking my back the following August, my doctors had cleared me to
travel internationally by the time the 31c3 was coming around.  When it came
time to actually figure out the logistics, my body shut down.  While there was
a lot physically wrong with me, the doctors told me that what ailed me was
very likely stress-related.  I had long since repressed why this was
happening, chalked it up to my pain medication, really anything other than
what I had experienced on account of Jake.  But in retrospect, it makes a lot
of sense why I physically couldn't bring myself to go.  One measure of the
support I enjoyed and recognition of my work was the hundreds of postcards I
received from well-wishers at the 31c3, cards I still cherish today.

I had all intentions of going to the 2015 Camp, as well.  But I couldn't.  I
tweeted about a "diagnosis" to avoid "creating drama" but the truth of the
matter was by that point, the damage was done.  Jake destroyed those events
for me, and I didn't even realize it until I started writing out this story.
Ironically, I feel safe writing this only after seeing others courageously
come forward with their stories of how Jake raped them.

Some of you are going to (and already have) started poking holes in my story,
calling these blatant accusations, calling me a coward and a fraud and a
litany of other things.  Fine, have at it, I left your scene a long time ago
and I'm in a country where there's not a lot that Jake's cronies can do to me.
The only thing cowardly about this story is that I took this long in telling
it.  Come at me all you want, don't believe me if you want.  After all, the
only thing Jake took from me was a community I loved, cherished and poured my
soul into.

Whatever you do, don't cast doubt on Jake's victims of sexual abuse.  It's one
thing to be raped, that's enough to destroy someone's life.  It's quite
another thing to speak up after being raped by your hero and lose your job,
your friends, everything you've worked for and your trust in humanity to boot.
Imagine what that must be like.  You call them cowards for using pseudonyms,
but every time you defend Jake at their expense, it's like being raped all
over again.

Even after all this, I still have my doubts that it will have any impact.
Bill Cosby's rapist tendencies were an open secret for how many years?  It was
such an open secret that it took a comedian to send people to Google to find
out about it before enough victims came forward to make the allegations
credible and yet Cosby still walks around a free man.

Will Jake go on raping people like Bill Cosby did for decades?  Will he go on
destroying lives?

At this point, that's up to you.

---
