---
Title: River
Date: 2015-12-31
Image: jake2.png
Client: 
Client_Link: 
Service: 


Jacob Appelbaum is one of the first reasons why I became inspired to work on
open source privacy technology, after hearing him speak years ago. I looked up
to him, because of his passion and single-minded drive. I also wanted to be
someone who would make a difference in protecting our fundamental right to
privacy and anonymity. In short, Jacob was a role model.

<hr class="star-primary"></hr>

I didn't know until very recently that nonconsensual sex, by a friend, is
rape. It is for this reason that I am writing this account.

When I became romantically involved with Jacob, I clearly told him that I
wasn't interested in group sex, or having sex in front of other people. I told
him this more than once, and clearly stated that if we were going to be
intimate, I wanted it to be with him in a private setting. He tried hard to
convince me otherwise, but I just brushed it off.

One night, he invited me to his apartment to party with him and several of his
friends. I went, not thinking twice that anything further would happen. We
were all watching a movie and laying on the couch. I was intoxicated and not
thinking clearly, and it took me a long time to realize that Jacob was going
down on me, in the living room, in front of everyone. I told him that I didn't
want to do that, and he stopped, but I don't remember what happened directly
after, except that he kept touching me. The next thing I realized was that one
of his friends in the room was touching me instead of Jacob, and Jacob told me
to go down on his friend. I asked them to stop, however, all of this had a
really long delayed effect because I was under the influence. I remember that
his friend did stop touching me when I asked him to, but then I blacked out,
and when I came back into consciousness, Jacob was having sex with me in the
living room with his friends watching. When I realized what was happening, I
told him again that I wanted to stop. He asked why, and I said that I didn't
want to do that in front of everyone. He did stop, but replied, "well, that's
what we've already been doing", and turned extremely cold. Eventually, he
brought me into his room, but I felt like I was being punished.

Later, when I wasn't intoxicated, Jacob again tried to persuade me to have sex
with his group of friends. It was then an easy no, but it felt like I lost my
value to him once I wouldn't give him or his followers what they wanted.

What is most terrifying about this situation is how systematic all of this
felt. I very clearly understood that I was not the only woman that this
happened to. In fact, it felt like this was quite common. No one in that
situation seemed to be surprised about any of these events, chillingly, not
even my discomfort.

<hr class="star-primary"></hr>

This cannot continue.

He cannot be a leader in this community, the first name that many people think
of, an inspiration to those new entering the field, and also someone who uses
his power and influence to sexually prey on individuals who think he is
trusted.

It is critical that our community is safe for women, and for any individual
who is passionate about protecting privacy and anonymity.

<hr class="star-primary"></hr>

I'm most angry that Jacob has not only done this to me, but other women as
well. I have been told that other women are afraid to come forward, as they
are worried that Jacob will use his power and influence to ruin their lives. I
also share these fears. However, I hope others will also speak out.

I am grateful to the people who have fought to do the right thing once they
learned of Jacob's actions. I have seen how many people in this community are
incredibly noble and compassionate. The Tor Project in particular should be
recognized for how they have handled this respectfully and honorably.

It is these people, not people like Jacob, that should be the leaders of our
community.

---
