---
Title: Sam
Date: 2015-12-31
Image: jake6.png
Client: 
Client_Link: 
Service: 

Jake and I had some minor romantic interest in each other when he
invited me to his apartment one evening. He told me he wanted to take a
bath, and invited me into his bathroom to hang out with him. I said,
okay, but I don't want to take a bath with you. I sat down on the toilet
and started chatting with him, and he immediately began coercing me to
get into his bathtub. I was hungover, possibly still a little drunk from
the night before, and although I wasn't interested in getting in, I
wasn't so firm in my resolve because of my somewhat compromised state. I
kept saying no, and he kept asking (while chatting about other things),
and eventually I said, okay, I'll keep my underwear and tshirt on and
put my legs in the water. I did that, and he kept asking me to get in
all the way, even as I told him I wasn't interested. He then kind of
pulled me into the tub halfway, turned me around, and started to wash
me. I was thinking, what the fuck, get out of this situation, why are
you in this fucking bathtub with this man when you repeatedly told him
no. But anyone with experience of Jake's manipulative powers will know
exactly what I was feeling -- somehow you tell him no, and he convinces
you that what you just said was yes. His nonconsensual washing lasted
about a minute or two before I leaped out of his bathtub and started
crying in the corner of his bathroom. During all this, he kept talking
like nothing was happening! Later, he called me a coward for not wanting
to date him. I eventually confronted Jake about this, plus other
behaviors I'd witnessed: he started drunkenly kissing another person at the bar with
no invitation, he started giving another friend a really aggressive
shoulder massage with no invitation, plus a million stories that I'd
heard through backchannels. Jake kind of apologized and then spent an
hour telling me that the real injustice was that there were people who
make up stories like this about him for political gain. Not, you know,
the actual things he'd done.

---